my name is Harish nagaraj my github
handle is at Harish nagaraj I work on a
company called audience and we are a
decentralized music streaming platform
been working on it for about a year now
and I am a software engineer on the
back-end team audience is basically this
decentralized audio streaming protocol
and our goal is to really like put
control back at the hands up creators we
want to give artists control over their
content and do it in a transparent way
and I think that the best way that we've
concluded to do that is through
blockchain and through you know
technologies such as ipfs that allow us
for like decentralized storage but also
allow other people to participate as
part of this protocol with other
streaming platforms for example like if
you're the hardest on Spotify or
SoundCloud right if you get you know ten
million streams you don't get paid out
for those ten million streams until you
know some amount of time later and
oftentimes the reasoning behind how much
you get paid or why you got paid this
much versus someone else with the same
number of streams is very opaque I'd say
like the music industry in general it's
very opaque to creators right and that's
something that we're trying to solve
just the general philosophy behind ipfs
is very aligned with the philosophy
behind audience and it was a very clear
choice when we started that this would
be the system we use I would say that
audience puts the power back in the
hands of content creators and really
strips away the middleman when it comes
to music which is something that I think
we all relate to and we all can really
get behind so rights management is a
huge issue in the music industry in
general right it's something you see all
the time you see artists getting sued
for things they unknowingly even sampled
or interpolated right and if you part of
what we've outlined in the audience
white paper as part of our long-term
goals is on change transparent
Arbitration for these rights so we want
you to be able to define a right split
for example right and well that's not
something we are immediately releasing
that is imminently on the horizon for us
in the immediate term in terms of the
demographic that audience is targeting
it's definitely more beneficial for like
independent artists or people who have
complete control over their music to be
part of our network but our long and
like our long term goal is to get you
know anybody who is interested in music
onto the network but there's no reason
that creators should not get rewarded
for the work they do if it's quality
work right and you like we see things
like patreon
that exists and have like you know
market impact but I think that there is
huge opportunity in decentralized land
for music specifically I wanted to come
here to get a first-hand perspective of
you know how ipfs is going as well as to
learn from people working on the project
directly and I'd like look forward to
just being part of this community moving
forward and that's something I didn't
realize
just like the velocity of things until
like you know maybe like a couple weeks
ago when we were getting prepared for
the camp and I was like wow this is
happening now right so we've been
working with the technology for a while
and the Delta in terms of like momentum
is ridiculous right now I think I think
it's really really interesting how like
spread out the community is in a good
way we are a geographically redundant
community which is huge right it's great
to see everyone not being from San
Francisco I really like meeting people
from all over the world here you know
I've met people from India from China
and from all over Europe just casually
today all here for the same reason and I
think it speaks to how deeply the
concept of my PFS resonates of people
across the world right I would say that
the live p2p workshop where we worked
through building a chat app and the CLI
and browser was super useful and
something I wish I had actually had
exposure to earlier before you know
working with ipfs so heavily that was
really really cool I also really enjoyed
the lightning talks actually I know
that's probably now we were talking
about but for example to see what people
are doing with containerization and
containers on ipfs that blew my mind and
i was like this is going to happen like
you know and we're seeing the first talk
about it like this is going to be a
thing what I think is so unique about
this experience is just the level of
excitement
honestly around a project like this
which is something that's easy to not
understand when you're working you know
remotely right and not seeing other
people that are so excited about this
technology but here it is super clear
just the level of enthusiasm the level
of vibrancy and the definite like change
and impact that this community is going
to have moving forward it's a very rare
opportunity in a cool way
I think and also it's great to be around
other people who are also developing
with this technology right this is
like cutting-edge tech and it's really
really cool to have all these people
around because normally when I tell
people like I tell my parents like yeah
I work with ipfs it's super cool they're
like but it's not Microsoft you know and
I'm like no it's way cooler